1. What happens when you divide an int variable by 0?
    - C# doesn't allow dividing integer by 0. Therefore, the program will crush and throw the DivideByZeroException error.
    
    
2. What happens when you divide a double variable by 0?
    - Dividing double by 0 is allowed, and the results differ based on the variable.
    If the numerator is positive, the result is positive infinity(∞).
    If the numerator is negative, the result is negative infinity(-∞).
    If the numerator is 0, the result is NaN.


3. What happens when you overflow an int variable, that is, set it to a value beyond its
range?
    - In unchecked context, the value will wrap around.
      In checked context, the program will throw OverflowException.


4. What is the difference between x = y++; and x = ++y;?
    - For x = y++;, y is assigned to x first, and then y is incremented by 1.
      For x = ++y;, y is incremented by 1 first, and then the new value of y is assigned to x.
    
    
5. What is the difference between break, continue, and return when used inside a loop
statement?
    - break:
        Terminates the entire loop immediately and exits it.
      continue:
        Skips the remaining code in the current iteration and moves to the next iteration of the loop.
      return:
        Exits the loop and the enclosing method immediately, returning control to the caller.


6. What are the three parts of a for statement and which of them are required?
    - Initialization: Sets up a variable.
      Condition: Determines whether the loop should continue.
      Iteration: Updates the variable after each loop iteration.
      
      All parts are optional, but the semicolons (;) must remain.


7. What is the difference between the = and == operators?
    - '=' is assignment operator, it is used to assign the value on right side to the variable on left side.
      '==' is equality operator, it is used to compare two values. It returns true if two values are equal, otherwise false.
    

8. Does the following statement compile? for ( ; true; ) ;
    - Yes, it compiles. Because all the parts in the for loop are optional. This statement will cause indefinite loop.
    
    
9. What does the underscore _ represent in a switch expression?
    - It represents the default case in a switch expression. It matches any value not matched by other patterns.
    
    
10. What interface must an object implement to be enumerated over by using the foreach
statement?
    - It must implement System.Collections.IEnumerable or System.Collections.Generic.IEnumerable<T> to use the foreach.